course-information/schedule.md, before:

# Schedule

#### Contents

1. [Hello, World!](#hello-world) - introductions, course software
1. [Instructions](#drawing) - telling p5 to draw shapes and colors
1. [Variables](#variables) - making things change
1. [Conditionals](#conditionals) - programs that react
1. [Functions](#functions) - modularity and reuse
1. [Sound and strict](#sound-and-strict) - basic sound and `"use strict";`
1. [Arrays](#arrays) - storing data in little boxes
1. [Object-Oriented Programming](#object-oriented-programming) - thinking of code as a collection of objects
1. [Inheritance](#inheritance) - creating objects based on other objects
1. [p5.sound](#p5sound) - the p5.sound library
1. [Project 2 Studio I](#project-2-studio-i)
1. [Project 2 Studio II](#project-2-studio-ii)
1. [Project 2 Studio III](#project-2-studio-iii)

---

# Hello, World!

Week of 6 September 2021

## Before class

[Hello, World! learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.md#hello-world)

1. **Join** the course discord (link on [Moodle](https://moodle.concordia.ca/))
  * Don't forget to use your real name and include your pronouns please!
1. **Read** the [Course Outline](./outline.md)
1. **Complete** the [Hello, World! learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#hello-world)
1. Get pumped!?

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Welcome
1. Introductions
1. Reviewing the [Course Outline](./outline.md)
1. Reviewing the [Course Schedule](./schedule.md)
1. Waiting list? Is anyone on it?
1. Any problems with software?
1. The [C-LAB](https://clab.concordia.ca/) is there to help you
  * Homepage: [https://clab.concordia.ca/](https://clab.concordia.ca/)
  * Email: [computation.lab@concordia.ca](mailto:computation.lab@concordia.ca)
  * Zoom office hours: [https://concordia-ca.zoom.us/my/the.computation.lab](https://concordia-ca.zoom.us/my/the.computation.lab) (Email first for the password)
  * Discord: Email for an invitation if needed
  * Workshops: [https://clab.concordia.ca/clab-workshops/](https://clab.concordia.ca/clab-workshops/)
1. Q&A

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material
1. Send questions about anything to Pippin (Discord, email, paper dart, ESP)

---

# Instructions

Week of 13 September 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Instructions learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#instructions)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Variables

Week of 20 September 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Variables learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#variables)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Conditionals

Week of 27 September 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Conditionals learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#conditionals)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Functions

Week of 4 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Functions learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#functions)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Sound and strict

Week of 11 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Sound and strict learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#sound-and-strict)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Finish up with [Project 1](xxx)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Arrays

Week of 18 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Sound and strict learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#sound-and-strict)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material


---

# Object-Oriented Programming

Week of 25 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Sound and strict learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#object-oriented-programming)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Inheritance and polymorphism

Week of 1 November 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Inheritance and polymorphism learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#inheritance-and-polymorphism)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# p5.sound

Week of 8 November 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [p5.sound learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#p5sound)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Project 2 Studio I

Week of 15 November 2021

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Working on [Project 2](../projects/project2/)

## Homework

1. Continue work on [Project 2](../projects/project2/)

---

# Project 2 Studio II

Week of 22 November 2021

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Working on [Project 2](../projects/project2/)

## Homework

1. Continue work on [Project 2](../projects/project2/)

---

# Project 2 Studio III

Week of 29 November 2021

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Working on [Project 2](../projects/project2/)

## Homework

1. Continue work on [Project 2](../projects/project2/)

---

Commit message:

Scrubbed P1 and P2 off for now, added arrays link

course-information/schedule.md, after:

# Schedule

#### Contents

1. [Hello, World!](#hello-world) - introductions, course software
1. [Instructions](#drawing) - telling p5 to draw shapes and colors
1. [Variables](#variables) - making things change
1. [Conditionals](#conditionals) - programs that react
1. [Functions](#functions) - modularity and reuse
1. [Sound and strict](#sound-and-strict) - basic sound and `"use strict";`
1. [Arrays](#arrays) - storing data in little boxes
1. [Object-Oriented Programming](#object-oriented-programming) - thinking of code as a collection of objects
1. [Inheritance](#inheritance) - creating objects based on other objects
1. [p5.sound](#p5sound) - the p5.sound library
1. [Project 2 Studio I](#project-2-studio-i)
1. [Project 2 Studio II](#project-2-studio-ii)
1. [Project 2 Studio III](#project-2-studio-iii)

---

# Hello, World!

Week of 6 September 2021

## Before class

[Hello, World! learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.md#hello-world)

1. **Join** the course discord (link on [Moodle](https://moodle.concordia.ca/))
  * Don't forget to use your real name and include your pronouns please!
1. **Read** the [Course Outline](./outline.md)
1. **Complete** the [Hello, World! learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#hello-world)
1. Get pumped!?

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Welcome
1. Introductions
1. Reviewing the [Course Outline](./outline.md)
1. Reviewing the [Course Schedule](./schedule.md)
1. Waiting list? Is anyone on it?
1. Any problems with software?
1. The [C-LAB](https://clab.concordia.ca/) is there to help you
  * Homepage: [https://clab.concordia.ca/](https://clab.concordia.ca/)
  * Email: [computation.lab@concordia.ca](mailto:computation.lab@concordia.ca)
  * Zoom office hours: [https://concordia-ca.zoom.us/my/the.computation.lab](https://concordia-ca.zoom.us/my/the.computation.lab) (Email first for the password)
  * Discord: Email for an invitation if needed
  * Workshops: [https://clab.concordia.ca/clab-workshops/](https://clab.concordia.ca/clab-workshops/)
1. Q&A

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material
1. Send questions about anything to Pippin (Discord, email, paper dart, ESP)

---

# Instructions

Week of 13 September 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Instructions learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#instructions)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Variables

Week of 20 September 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Variables learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#variables)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. [Project 1](../projects/project1/)
1. [Arrays](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#array) may be useful ahead of schedule
1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material
1. [Project 1](../projects/project1/)

---

# Conditionals

Week of 27 September 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Conditionals learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#conditionals)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material
1. [Project 1](../projects/project1/)

---

# Functions

Week of 4 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Functions learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#functions)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material
1. [Project 1](../projects/project1/)

---

# Sound and strict

Week of 11 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Sound and strict learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#sound-and-strict)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Finish up with 1. [Project 1](../projects/project1/)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Submit [Project 1](../projects/project1/) on the night of class!
1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Arrays

Week of 18 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Sound and strict learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#sound-and-strict)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material


---

# Object-Oriented Programming

Week of 25 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Sound and strict learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#object-oriented-programming)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Inheritance and polymorphism

Week of 1 November 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Inheritance and polymorphism learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#inheritance-and-polymorphism)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# p5.sound

Week of 8 November 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [p5.sound learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#p5sound)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Project 2 Studio I

Week of 15 November 2021

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Working on [Project 2](../projects/project2/)

## Homework

1. Continue work on [Project 2](../projects/project2/)

---

# Project 2 Studio II

Week of 22 November 2021

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Working on [Project 2](../projects/project2/)

## Homework

1. Continue work on [Project 2](../projects/project2/)

---

# Project 2 Studio III

Week of 29 November 2021

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Working on [Project 2](../projects/project2/)

## Homework

1. Continue work on [Project 2](../projects/project2/)

---
