course-information/schedule/README.md, before:

#### [CART253](/cart253-2021/) | [Schedule](/cart253-2021/course-information/schedule/) | [Guides](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/guides/) | [Examples](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/examples/)

# Quick links

* [Creative Computation 1 Homepage](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/)
* [Template p5 project (ZIP)](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/templates/template-p5-project.zip)

# Schedule

#### Contents

1. [Hello, World!](#hello-world) - introductions, course software
1. [Instructions](#instructions) - telling p5 to draw shapes and colors
1. [Variables](#variables) - making things change
1. [Conditionals](#conditionals) - programs that react
1. [Functions](#functions) - modularity and reuse
1. [Sound and strict](#sound-and-strict) - basic sound and `"use strict";`
1. [Arrays](#arrays) - storing data in little boxes
1. [Object-Oriented Programming](#object-oriented-programming) - thinking of code as a collection of objects
1. [Inheritance and Polymorphism](#inheritance-and-polymorphism) - creating objects based on other objects
1. [p5.sound](#p5sound) - the p5.sound library
1. [Project 2 Studio I](#project-2-studio-i)
1. [Project 2 Studio II](#project-2-studio-ii)
1. [Project 2 Studio III](#project-2-studio-iii)

---

# Hello, World!

Week of 6 September 2021

## Before class

1. **Join** the course discord (link on [Moodle](https://moodle.concordia.ca/))
  * Don't forget to use your real name and include your pronouns please!
1. **Read** the [Course Outline](../outline/)
1. **Complete** the [Hello, World! learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#hello-world)
1. Get pumped!?

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Welcome and Territorial Acknowledgement
1. Introductions
1. Reviewing the [Course Outline](../outline/)
1. Reviewing the [Course Schedule](./)
1. Waiting list? Is anyone on it?
1. The [C-LAB](https://clab.concordia.ca/) is there to help you, **get in touch now!**
1. Computation Arts Orientation at 16:00 on Zoom (Pippin will provide the link)
1. Q&A

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Any problems with the course software?
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material
1. Send questions about anything to Pippin (Discord, email, paper dart, ESP)

---

# Instructions

Week of 13 September 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Instructions learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#instructions)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. [Instructions](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#instructions) overview
1. The [Style Guide](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/guides/style-guide.html)
1. The [Git Cheatsheet](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/guides/git-cheatsheet.html)
1. Question Time: The [Mona Lisa](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mona_Lisa#/media/File:Mona_Lisa,_by_Leonardo_da_Vinci,_from_C2RMF_retouched.jpg) in 30 minutes or less
1. [Queue Bot](https://top.gg/bot/679018301543677959) on Discord

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Making sure you're confident with [Instructions](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#instructions)
1. Start work on [Variables](#variables)

## Homework

1. Continue work on [Variables](#variables)

---

# Variables

Week of 20 September 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Variables learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#variables)
1. **Start** [Exercise: I Like to Move It!](../../exercises/i-like-to-move-it)
## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. [Project 1](../../projects/project1/)
1. [Arrays](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#array) may be useful ahead of schedule
1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: I Like to Move It!](../../exercises/i-like-to-move-it) (due tonight!)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material
1. [Project 1](../../projects/project1/)

---

# Conditionals

Week of 27 September 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Conditionals learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#conditionals)
1. **Start** [Exercise: Dodge-em](../../exercises/dodge-em)


## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: Dodge-em](../../exercises/dodge-em) (due tonight!)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material
1. [Project 1](../../projects/project1/)

---

# Functions

Week of 4 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Functions learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#functions)
1. **Start** [Exercise: Love, Actually](../../exercises/love-actually/)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: Love, Actually](../../exercises/love-actually/) (due tonight!)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material
1. [Project 1](../../projects/project1/)

---

# Sound and strict

Week of 11 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Sound and strict learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#sound-and-strict)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Finish up with 1. [Project 1](../../projects/project1/)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Submit [Project 1](../../projects/project1/) on the night of class!
1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Arrays

Week of 18 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Sound and strict learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#sound-and-strict)
1. **Start** [Exercise: Age of Aquariums](../../exercises/age-of-aquariums/)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: Age of Aquariums](../../exercises/age-of-aquariums/) (due tonight!)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material


---

# Object-Oriented Programming

Week of 25 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Sound and strict learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#object-oriented-programming)
1. **Start** [Exercise: Juggle Garden](../../exercises/juggle-garden/)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: Juggle Garden](../../exercises/juggle-garden/) (due tonight!)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Inheritance and polymorphism

Week of 1 November 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Inheritance and polymorphism learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#inheritance-and-polymorphism)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# p5.sound

Week of 8 November 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [p5.sound learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#p5sound)
1. **Start** [Exercise: Make Some Noise](../../exercises/make-some-noise/)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: Make Some Noise](../../exercises/make-some-noise/) (due tonight!)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Project 2 Studio I

Week of 15 November 2021

## Before class

1. **Start** [Exercise: Project Progress Report](../../exercises/project-progress-report/)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: Project Progress Report](../../exercises/project-progress-report/) (due tonight)
1. Working on [Project 2](../../projects/project2/)

## Homework

1. Continue work on [Project 2](../../projects/project2/)

---

# Project 2 Studio II

Week of 22 November 2021

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Working on [Project 2](../../projects/project2/)

## Homework

1. Continue work on [Project 2](../../projects/project2/)

---

# Project 2 Studio III

Week of 29 November 2021

## Before class

1. **Start** [Exercise: Reflection](../../exercises/reflection/)

## Classroom (in Discord classroom channels at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: Reflection](../../exercises/reflection/) (due tonight!)
1. Working on [Project 2](../../projects/project2/)

## Homework

1. Continue work on [Project 2](../../projects/project2/)

---

Commit message:

Updated Discord to Zoom for live classroom time

course-information/schedule/README.md, after:

#### [CART253](/cart253-2021/) | [Schedule](/cart253-2021/course-information/schedule/) | [Guides](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/guides/) | [Examples](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/examples/)

# Quick links

* [Creative Computation 1 Homepage](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/)
* [Template p5 project (ZIP)](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/templates/template-p5-project.zip)

# Schedule

#### Contents

1. [Hello, World!](#hello-world) - introductions, course software
1. [Instructions](#instructions) - telling p5 to draw shapes and colors
1. [Variables](#variables) - making things change
1. [Conditionals](#conditionals) - programs that react
1. [Functions](#functions) - modularity and reuse
1. [Sound and strict](#sound-and-strict) - basic sound and `"use strict";`
1. [Arrays](#arrays) - storing data in little boxes
1. [Object-Oriented Programming](#object-oriented-programming) - thinking of code as a collection of objects
1. [Inheritance and Polymorphism](#inheritance-and-polymorphism) - creating objects based on other objects
1. [p5.sound](#p5sound) - the p5.sound library
1. [Project 2 Studio I](#project-2-studio-i)
1. [Project 2 Studio II](#project-2-studio-ii)
1. [Project 2 Studio III](#project-2-studio-iii)

---

# Hello, World!

Week of 6 September 2021

## Before class

1. **Join** the course discord (link on [Moodle](https://moodle.concordia.ca/))
  * Don't forget to use your real name and include your pronouns please!
1. **Read** the [Course Outline](../outline/)
1. **Complete** the [Hello, World! learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#hello-world)
1. Get pumped!?

## Classroom (in Zoom at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Welcome and Territorial Acknowledgement
1. Introductions
1. Reviewing the [Course Outline](../outline/)
1. Reviewing the [Course Schedule](./)
1. Waiting list? Is anyone on it?
1. The [C-LAB](https://clab.concordia.ca/) is there to help you, **get in touch now!**
1. Computation Arts Orientation at 16:00 on Zoom (Pippin will provide the link)
1. Q&A

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Any problems with the course software?
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material
1. Send questions about anything to Pippin (Discord, email, paper dart, ESP)

---

# Instructions

Week of 13 September 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Instructions learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#instructions)

## Classroom (in Zoom at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. [Instructions](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#instructions) overview
1. The [Style Guide](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/guides/style-guide.html)
1. The [Git Cheatsheet](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/guides/git-cheatsheet.html)
1. Question Time: The [Mona Lisa](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mona_Lisa#/media/File:Mona_Lisa,_by_Leonardo_da_Vinci,_from_C2RMF_retouched.jpg) in 30 minutes or less
1. [Queue Bot](https://top.gg/bot/679018301543677959) on Discord

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Making sure you're confident with [Instructions](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#instructions)
1. Start work on [Variables](#variables)

## Homework

1. Continue work on [Variables](#variables)

---

# Variables

Week of 20 September 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Variables learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#variables)
1. **Start** [Exercise: I Like to Move It!](../../exercises/i-like-to-move-it)
## Classroom (in Zoom at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. [Project 1](../../projects/project1/)
1. [Arrays](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#array) may be useful ahead of schedule
1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: I Like to Move It!](../../exercises/i-like-to-move-it) (due tonight!)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material
1. [Project 1](../../projects/project1/)

---

# Conditionals

Week of 27 September 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Conditionals learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#conditionals)
1. **Start** [Exercise: Dodge-em](../../exercises/dodge-em)


## Classroom (in Zoom at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: Dodge-em](../../exercises/dodge-em) (due tonight!)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material
1. [Project 1](../../projects/project1/)

---

# Functions

Week of 4 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Functions learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#functions)
1. **Start** [Exercise: Love, Actually](../../exercises/love-actually/)

## Classroom (in Zoom at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: Love, Actually](../../exercises/love-actually/) (due tonight!)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material
1. [Project 1](../../projects/project1/)

---

# Sound and strict

Week of 11 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Sound and strict learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#sound-and-strict)

## Classroom (in Zoom at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Finish up with 1. [Project 1](../../projects/project1/)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Submit [Project 1](../../projects/project1/) on the night of class!
1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Arrays

Week of 18 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Sound and strict learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#sound-and-strict)
1. **Start** [Exercise: Age of Aquariums](../../exercises/age-of-aquariums/)

## Classroom (in Zoom at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: Age of Aquariums](../../exercises/age-of-aquariums/) (due tonight!)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material


---

# Object-Oriented Programming

Week of 25 October 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Sound and strict learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#object-oriented-programming)
1. **Start** [Exercise: Juggle Garden](../../exercises/juggle-garden/)

## Classroom (in Zoom at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: Juggle Garden](../../exercises/juggle-garden/) (due tonight!)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Inheritance and polymorphism

Week of 1 November 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [Inheritance and polymorphism learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#inheritance-and-polymorphism)

## Classroom (in Zoom at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# p5.sound

Week of 8 November 2021

## Before class

1. **Complete** the [p5.sound learning materials](https://pippinbarr.github.io/cc/1/schedule.html#p5sound)
1. **Start** [Exercise: Make Some Noise](../../exercises/make-some-noise/)

## Classroom (in Zoom at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: Make Some Noise](../../exercises/make-some-noise/) (due tonight!)
1. Start work on next week's material

## Homework

1. Continue work on next week's material

---

# Project 2 Studio I

Week of 15 November 2021

## Before class

1. **Start** [Exercise: Project Progress Report](../../exercises/project-progress-report/)

## Classroom (in Zoom at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: Project Progress Report](../../exercises/project-progress-report/) (due tonight)
1. Working on [Project 2](../../projects/project2/)

## Homework

1. Continue work on [Project 2](../../projects/project2/)

---

# Project 2 Studio II

Week of 22 November 2021

## Classroom (in Zoom at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. Working on [Project 2](../../projects/project2/)

## Homework

1. Continue work on [Project 2](../../projects/project2/)

---

# Project 2 Studio III

Week of 29 November 2021

## Before class

1. **Start** [Exercise: Reflection](../../exercises/reflection/)

## Classroom (in Zoom at 13:30 on the day of class)

1. Q&A
1. Let's make something?

## Studio (in Discord studio channels after classroom)

1. Instructor and TA available to help
1. [Exercise: Reflection](../../exercises/reflection/) (due tonight!)
1. Working on [Project 2](../../projects/project2/)

## Homework

1. Continue work on [Project 2](../../projects/project2/)

---
