exercises/reflection/README.md, before:

# Exercise: Reflection {

#### Grade
- 4% of final grade
- Remember that only 5 of your completed and passing exercises contribute to the final grade
- Further guidelines below

#### Deadline
- Section A (Thursdays): 11:59PM, 2 December 2021.
- Section B (Tuesdays): 11:59PM, 30 November 2021.

## Objectives

1. Thinking about how far you've come with programming in this course
2. Feeling proud

## Brief

The objective of this exercise is to write a **brief**, 300-500 word text reflecting on your experience of this course, focusing on your progress in understanding and using programming since we began. There are no right or wrong approach to this writing, it is purely a chance to step back from the specifics of your project work, the endless bugs and complications and moments of joy, to think about how programming has changed for you. Consider writing about:

* Your favourite aspects of programming
* The most challenging elements you have encountered
* What project/effect/code you are most proud of from the course
* Your thoughts about the future of your programming practice

There is no need to devote hours and hours to this exercise, just focus on getting your thoughts down in a natural way that suits you.

Write your reflections either in a PDF or in a README.md (check out the [Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)) file in an `reflection` folder in your `exercises` folder.

## Submission

Submission will take place on **Moodle**. Go to the appropriately named **exercise** on the Moodle and then submit your work there.

Your submission should just be plain text that includes (substituting your GitHub username and any difference in the folder names):

1. A link to your reflection text, either the PDF or .md file
  - e.g. https://github.com/pippinbarr/cc1/tree/master/exercises/reflection/reflection.pdf
  - e.g. https://github.com/pippinbarr/cc1/tree/master/exercises/reflection/README.md

## Evaluation

Reflections will be graded on the basis of their depth insight into the learning experience of the course and the relationship the student has developed with programming over time.

---

# }

Commit message:

Added hint toward doing prior exercises as a reflective process

exercises/reflection/README.md, after:

# Exercise: Reflection {

#### Grade
- 4% of final grade
- Remember that only 5 of your completed and passing exercises contribute to the final grade
- Further guidelines below

#### Deadline
- Section A (Thursdays): 11:59PM, 2 December 2021.
- Section B (Tuesdays): 11:59PM, 30 November 2021.

## Objectives

1. Thinking about how far you've come with programming in this course
2. Feeling proud

## Brief

The objective of this exercise is to write a **brief**, 300-500 word text reflecting on your experience of this course, focusing on your progress in understanding and using programming since we began. There are no right or wrong approach to this writing, it is purely a chance to step back from the specifics of your project work, the endless bugs and complications and moments of joy, to think about how programming has changed for you. Consider writing about:

* Your favourite aspects of programming
* The most challenging elements you have encountered
* What project/effect/code you are most proud of from the course
* Your thoughts about the future of your programming practice

There is no need to devote hours and hours to this exercise, just focus on getting your thoughts down in a natural way that suits you.

Write your reflections either in a PDF or in a README.md (check out the [Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)) file in an `reflection` folder in your `exercises` folder.

**Recommended:** Take a look at the first few exercises. Marvel at your progress! Consider even trying to do one or two of them again just to flex your powerful programming musculature! If you do, include them with your submission and share them with everyone else!

## Submission

Submission will take place on **Moodle**. Go to the appropriately named **exercise** on the Moodle and then submit your work there.

Your submission should just be plain text that includes (substituting your GitHub username and any difference in the folder names):

1. A link to your reflection text, either the PDF or .md file
  - e.g. https://github.com/pippinbarr/cc1/tree/master/exercises/reflection/reflection.pdf
  - e.g. https://github.com/pippinbarr/cc1/tree/master/exercises/reflection/README.md

## Evaluation

Reflections will be graded on the basis of their depth insight into the learning experience of the course and the relationship the student has developed with programming over time.

---

# }
